LICENSE AGREEMENT

1.	License.   The software downloaded through this process (the 
"Software") and any related documentation provided to you through 
this site are licensed to you by Williams Electronics Games, Inc. 
or its affiliates ("Williams"), subject to the terms and 
conditions in this License Agreement.  Williams retains title to 
the Software and related documentation.  This license allows you 
to use the Software only in the specific pinball games 
manufactured by Williams and marketed under the WILLIAMS or BALLY 
trademark for which the Software is intended ("Pinball Games").  
To do this, you are permitted to copy the Software into an EPROM 
device which is then installed into a Pinball Game.  Other than 
the copy of the Software downloaded to you during this process, 
one (1) archival copy thereof, and the EPROM copies for 
installation into the Pinball Games, you may make no copies of 
the Software. You may not transfer or sublicense your license 
rights in the Software to another party or distribute copies of 
the Software, except that you may install EPROM copies of the 
Software into Pinball Games owned by others as part of servicing 
such Pinball Games, provided the owners of the Pinball Games read 
and agree to accept the terms and conditions of this License 
Agreement and provided you do not charge an additional fee for 
the provision of the EPROM copy of the Software.  Under no 
circumstances may you sell copies of the Software, including 
EPROM copies. You may not publish the Software.

2.	Restrictions.   The Software contains copyrighted material, 
trade secrets and other proprietary material.  You may not 
decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble or otherwise reduce the 
Software to a human-perceivable form.  You may not modify, 
network, rent, lease, loan, or create derivative works based upon 
the Software in whole or in part.  You may not electronically 
transmit the Software from one computer to another over a 
network.

3.	Termination.	This License Agreement is effective until 
terminated.  You may terminate this License Agreement at any time 
by destroying the Software, related documentation and all copies 
thereof.  This License Agreement will terminate immediately 
without notice from Williams if you fail to comply with any 
provision of this License Agreement.  Termination of this License 
Agreement terminates the license granted hereunder.  Accordingly, 
upon termination of this License Agreement you must destroy the 
Software, related documentation and all copies thereof in your 
possession or under your control.

4.	Export Law Assurances.   You agree and certify that neither 
the Software nor any other technical data received from Williams, 
nor the direct product thereof, will be exported outside the 
United States except as authorized and as permitted by the laws 
and regulations of the United States.  If the Software has been 
rightfully obtained by you outside of the United States, you 
agree that you will not re-export the Software nor any other 
technical data received from Williams, nor the direct product 
thereof, except as permitted by the laws and regulations of the 
of the United States and the laws and regulations of the 
jurisdiction in which you obtained the Software.

5.	Government End Users.   If you are acquiring the Software on 
behalf of any unit or agency of the United States Government, the 
following provisions apply.  The Government agrees:
(i)	if the Software is supplied to the Department of 
Defense (DoD), the Software is classified as "Commercial Computer 
Software" and the Government is acquiring only "restricted 
rights" in the Software and its documentation as that term is 
defined in Clause 252.227-7013(c)(1) of the DFARS; and
(ii)	if the Software is supplied to any unit or agency of 
the United States Government other than DoD, the Government’s 
rights in the Software and its documentation will be as defined 
in Clause 52.277-19(c)(2) of the FAR or, in the case of NASA, in 
Clause 18-52.227-896(d) of the NASA Supplement to the FAR.

6.	Disclaimer of Warranty on Software.   You expressly 
acknowledge and agree that use of the Software is at your sole 
risk.  The Software and related documentation are provided "AS 
IS" and without warranty of any kind and Williams EXPRESSLY 
DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT 
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS 
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  WILLIAMS DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE 
FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN THE SOFTWARE WILL MEET YOU REQUIREMENTS, 
OR THAT THE OPERATION OF THE SOFTWARE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR 
ERROR-FREE, OR THAT DEFECTS IN THE SOFTWARE WILL BE CORRECTED.  
FURTHERMORE, WILLIAMS DOES NOT WARRANT OR MAKE ANY 
REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE USE OR THE RESULTS OF THE USE OF 
THE SOFTWARE OR RELATED DOCUMENTATION IN TERMS OF THEIR 
CORRECTNESS, ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE.  NO ORAL OR 
WRITTEN INFORMATION OR ADVICE GIVEN BY WILLIAMS OR A WILLIAMS 
AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE SHALL CREATE A WARRANTY OR IN ANY WAY 
INCREASE THE SCOPE OF THIS WARRANTY.  SHOULD THE SOFTWARE PROVE 
DEFECTIVE, YOU (AND NOT WILLIAMS OR A WILLIAMS AUTHORIZED 
REPRESENTATIVE) ASSUME THE ENTIRE COST OF ALL NECESSARY 
SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION.  SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW 
THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSION MAY 
NOT APPLY TO YOU.

8.	Limitation of Liability.   UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES INCLUDING 
NEGLIGENCE, SHALL WILLIAMS BE LIABLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL 
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES THAT RESULT FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO 
USE THE SOFTWARE OR RELATED DOCUMENTATION, EVEN IF WILLIAMS OR A 
WILLIAMS AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE 
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.  SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE 
LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR 
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY 
NOT APPLY TO YOU.

9.	Controlling Law and Severability.   This License Agreement 
shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of 
the United States and the State of Illinois, as applied to 
agreements entered into and to be performed entirely within 
Illinois between Illinois residents.  If for any reason a court 
of competent jurisdiction finds any provision of this License 
Agreement, or a portion thereof, to be unenforceable, that 
provision of the License Agreement shall be enforced to the 
maximum extent permissible so as to effect the intent of the 
parties, and the remainder of this License Agreement shall 
continue in full force and effect.

10.	Complete Agreement.   This License Agreement constitutes the 
entire agrement between the parties with respect to the use of 
the Software and the related documentation and supersedes all 
prior or contemporaneous understandings or agreements, written or 
oral, regarding such subject matter, No amendment to or 
modification of this License Agreement will be binding unless in 
writing and signed by a duly authorized representative of 
Williams.



